Referring to him as only the witness   Amrozi accused his brother of deliberately distorting his evidence.
On June 10   the ship's owners had published an advertisement on the Internet   offering the explosives for sale.
PG&E Corp. shares jumped $1.63 or 8 percent to $21.03 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.
With the scandal hanging over Stewart's company   revenue the first quarter of the year dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.
The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Secretary of State Colin Powell last week ruled out a non-aggression treaty.
Like many doctors   Mr. Thomas and Mr. Tauzin say the Bush administration has the power to correct some of those flaws.
U.S. military officials have said it could take up to two years before regular elections are held   based on experiences elsewhere in the world.
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer   an American Cancer Society (news - web sites) journal   being published online Monday.
The first biotechnology treatment for asthma   the constriction of the airways that affects millions of Americans   received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Friday.
Bin Laden's men pointed out that raising and distributing funds has been complicated by the U.S. crackdown on jihadi charitable foundations   bank accounts of terror-related organizations and money transfers.
A former partner of accountancy firm Ernst & Young was yesterday arrested by FBI agents in the US on charges of obstructing federal investigations.
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz   about two miles from the freeway.
PDC will also almost certainly reignite speculation about release dates of Microsoft's new products.
It also disclosed that sales -- a figure closely watched by analysts as a barometer of its health -- were significantly higher than industry experts expected.
NEC's pitching its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries, including healthcare and hospitality, a company spokesman said.
ELENA Slough, considered to be the oldest person in the US and the third oldest person in the world, has died.
We have declared war on sexual assault and sexual harassment, Rosa said.
El Watan, an Algerian newspaper, reported that the kidnappers put up fierce resistance during the army assault, firing Kalashnikov rifles.
Shares of Hartford were up $2.28, or 5.2 percent, to $45.90 in midday trading.
Tokyo Electric Power Co., Asia's largest power company, restarted the first of 17 nuclear reactors it shut down after admitting it falsified inspection reports.
For the current academic year, tuition at public colleges averaged $4,694, up almost $600 from the year before.
So far the only declared major party candidate is Rep. Darrell Issa, a Republican who has spent $1.5 million of his own money to fund the recall.
Mr Jouejati said that with the US-backed road map in a coma the attack could easily widen through the region.
This is an extremely heartrending time for the entire Brandeis University community.
Fewer than a dozen FBI agents will be sent to Iraq to secure and analyze evidence of the bombing.
For those who got surgery alone   median survival was 41 months.
Tonight a spokesman for the Russian Foreign Ministry said it might issue a statement on Thursday clarifying Russia's position on aiding Iran's nuclear-energy efforts.
A day earlier   a committee appointed by President Mohammad Khatami had called for an independent inquiry into the 54-year-old photojournalist's death.
The suite includes a word processor, spreadsheet, presentation application (analogous to PowerPoint), and other components -- all built around the XML file format.
The Skagit was expected to crest during the night at 38 feet at Mount Vernon, 10 feet above flood stage, the National Weather Service said.
Physicians who perform the procedure would face up to two years in prison, under the bill.
Anhalt said children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving, while it actually contains 2.5.
Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but later his office said it also would apply to doctors providing services such as prenatal care to pregnant girls under 16.
The International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the uranium assertions after London's dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.
Sixteen days later, as superheated air from the shuttle's re-entry rushed into the damaged wing, "there was no possibility for crew survival," the board said.
It is clear that the free world, those who love freedom and peace, must deal harshly with Hamas and the killers, he said.
If so, Powell said, he's calling the president ludicrous, too.
Scotland Yard's decision to issue new guidance has been prompted by new intelligence passed to Britain by the FBI in late July.
The memo specifically mentioned Linux, a still small but emerging software competitor that is not owned by any specific company.
Meanwhile in southern Iraq, the United States released more Iraqi prisoners of war, and officials announced that all would be let go soon.
The decision came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of school busing as well as the district's racial balance, facilities and budget.
Microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with AtStake's internal personnel decision, Sundwall said.
Prosecutors said there is no question Waagner was behind the letters, which were sent at the same time that real anthrax attacks were killing people in 2001.
His plan would cost over $200 billion annually and be paid for by repealing Bush's tax cuts.
There were fears that Heather would never have children after suffering two ectopic pregnancies and cancer of the uterus.
Paracha faces at least 17 years in prison if convicted.
Apple noted that half the songs were purchased as part of albums.
Brian Halla, CEO of NatSemi, claimed the deal made sense for both companies.
People in a van opened fire on a pickup and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
Tyco has said the loan was not forgiven, but that Swartz fully repaid it with interest, according to his lawyer, Charles Stillman.
After the other inmate fell, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.
Fatima, meanwhile, was on her turquoise cell phone organizing the prom.
The foodservice pie business does not fit our long-term growth strategy.
De Sole said in the results statement that group performance would improve in the second half of the year and beyond.
Saddam's daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they decided to ask for asylum -- especially the schools   he told The Sun.
Sheena Young   a spokesman for Child   the national infertility support network   said the proposed guidelines should lead to a more fair and equitable service for infertility sufferers.
Panther's redesigned Finder navigation tool puts a user's favourite folders   hard drive   network servers   iDisk and removable media in one location.
The verdict means Nelson faces up to 10 years in prison rather than a possible life sentence.
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher had 88,747 votes, or 57 percent of the total.
Shadrin said Khodorkovsky's aircraft was approached by officers identifying themselves as members of the FSB domestic intelligence service.
What she told our investigators was that all the babies were born full-term and then died within hours, Hughes said.
The French Foreign Minister, Dominique de Villepin, is also expected to attend.
Commenting on the firing today, Ms. Novikova said that there was no standard weight for ballerinas but that Ms. Volochkova is bigger than others.
Both have aired videotapes apparently from deposed Iraqi President Saddam Hussein, encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation.
Under the program, US officials work with foreign port authorities to seek out high-risk cargo before it can reach the United States.
Crews are told: If we don't do this, innocent people on the ground are going to die, he said.
It is probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but then again, I look forward to the challenge, he said.
Tropical storm warnings were in place Thursday for Jamaica and Haiti and watches for the western Dominican Republic   the southeastern Bahamas and the Turks and Caicos islands.
Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale   Fla.
But six months ago   the two sides managed to strike a $6.8-billion debt rollover deal   which expires in August.
Simply put   shy invividuals tend to be more timid with new people and situations.
I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building   Tunick said Sunday.
Although a small city-state, Singapore is the 12th-largest trading partner of the United States, with trade volume of $33.4 billion last year.
The AFL-CIO announced Wednesday that it will decide in October whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries.
Sub-indexes measuring prices, new orders, inventories and exports increased.
The New York Stock Exchange suspended trading yesterday in Loral, which closed at $3.01 Friday.
After that, he plans to have dinner at Camp Bondsteel with U.S. troops stationed there.
Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc. JCP.N and Walgreen Co. WAG.N kick things off on Monday.
He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
Last year   the court ruled 5-4 in an Ohio case that government vouchers are constitutional if they provide parents with choices among a range of religious and secular schools.
Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury.
The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $30.6 billion in 2003   and then grow 15.7 percent to $35.4 billion in 2004.
The group will be headed by John S. Wolf, an assistant secretary of state who has served in Australia, Vietnam, Greece and Pakistan.
The company had announced in January that it would have to restate earnings for 2002, 2001 and perhaps 2000.
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.
The result is an overall package that will provide a significant economic growth for our employees over the next few years, he said.
It has also said it would review all of its domestic employees more than 1 million to ensure they have legal status.
The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $9.95.
The talk, however,has been downplayed by PBL which said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow-accretive.
The stock rose 48 cents to $30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading.
IBM said the Rational products were also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus, which allows developers to work in Java, Visual C# and VisualBasic .Net.
The plant plans to shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president's appearance, Crosby said.
The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $9.95.
The talk   however  has been downplayed by PBL which said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow-accretive.
The stock rose 48 cents to $30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading.
IBM said the Rational products were also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus   which allows developers to work in Java   Visual C# and VisualBasic .Net.
The plant plans to shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president's appearance   Crosby said.
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
The new processor was unveiled at the Intel Developer Forum 2003 in San Jose   Calif.
The document says the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gases to penetrate Columbia's thermal armour during its fatal re-entry.
Also demonstrating box-office strength -- and getting seven Tony nominations -- was a potent revival of Eugene ONeills family drama   Long Days Journey Into Night.
For residents with incomes above $500  000   the income-tax rate will increase to 4.45 percent.
